TD-267 Replace confs with env variables (#191)
TykTechnologies/tyk-helm-chart: README.md

    - name: aws-mongo-ssl-cert
      filename: rds-combined-ca-bundle.pem
      mountPath: /etc/certs

## Applying SSL Certs to Gateway and Dashboard Services

> To apply SSL certs to the Gateway and Dashbiard servies you will need to create a k8s secret in the same namespace as these services and then provide that service with the list of certs you want to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply SSL certs to the Gateway and Dashboard services you need to create a k8s secret in the same namespace as these services and then provide that service with the list of certs you want to apply.
```
